Cunt, cunt, cunt, cunt
Cunt to the feminine, what
To the feminine and pussy, what, what
Feminine, pussy, cunt, cunt, cunt
(This is a DJ MikeQ production) Feminine, pussy, pussy, pussy, what
Feminine, soft cunt, to the cunt, cunt
Feminine, soft cunt, to the what, cunt
Feminine, feminine, feminine, feminine, feminine, feminine, cunt, cunt, cunt
Feminine, feminine, feminine, feminine, feminine, feminine, cunt, cunt, to the cunt
Cunt, cunt, cunt, cunt, cali, cunt, cunt, cunt, meow, cunt, meow, cunt, to the cunt, meow, uh
To the meow, cunt, meow, to the meow, meow (Rrr)
Titty, dick-tick, brr, to the titty, diggy-diggy, dick-tick, brr, cat
Riggy, tick, cunt, cali, cunt, cunt, feminine to pussy cunt, feminine to pussy, what, cunt
Feminine, cunt, cunt, flip, cunt, cunt, cali, cat, cat, kitty, kitty, kit-kat, cunt
To the rit-tit, titty, titty, dick-tick, cunt
To the puss, puss, pussy, pussy, puss, cunt
Meow, cunt, titty-tit, cat-tat, rig-tit- tat-tat, pussy cunt, kit-kat, uh
Riggy, tat-cat, to the rrr
To the rrr cat, cat, to the kit-kat,  cunt
East cunt cat, to the cat-cat
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, uh-uh, cunt
Tid-id-id-dit, tid-id-id-dit, tid-id-id-dit, tid-id-id-dit, uh
Rrr, rit-tit, rrr, rit-tit, rrr, rit to the dit-tit, uh
Rrr, rit-tit, rrr, rit-tit, rrr, rit to the dit-tit, cunt
Meow, uh-uh-uh, rat, cat-cat cat, meow, uh-uh-uh, rat, cat-cat
R-r-rat, r-r-rat, r-r-rat, cat-cat, a rat-tat-tat, brr, uh
Rrr, rat-tat, rrr, rat-tat, rrr, rat-tat, rrr, rat-tat
Rrr, rat-tat, rrr, rat-tat, ta titty-titty-dit-tat, cunt
Feels like, like, to the like, ah
Feels like, to the like, like, ooh
Feels like, like, to the like, like, ow
Feels like I'm goin' in circles, y'all like a maze, I can't get through
Should I go, should I go, should I go left?
Should I go, should I go, should I go right? Uh
Feels like I'm goin' in circles, y'all like a maze, I can't get through
Should I go, should I go, should I go left?
Should I go, should I go, should I go right?
Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat-uh
Ra-ta-ta-ta-ta-tat-tat-tat-oh
Rat, ta-duh-duh-tat, ta-duh-duh-tat
Ta-ta-tat-tat-tat-ow
Brr, cat-cat, brr cat-cat goin in what-what
Feels like I'm goin' in circles, y'all like a maze, I can't get through
Should I go, should I go, should I go left?
Should I go, should I go, should I go right?
Feels like I'm goin' in circles, y'all like a maze, I can't get through